hello chefs I don't know about you but
it's a dreary rainy day here in san
francisco and on days such as this
nothing gives me greater comfort than to
curl up with a good book and a steaming
hot cup of cocoa not conan o'brien mind
you although I wouldn't mind that
lesbians Batman is sexy d coalition okay
I names like what 64 how often do you
meet a guy that's taller than me doesn't
happen not that I've met him one day oh
we talking about the loneliness
distracted me oh yeah hot chocolate
today's society has bastardized hot
chocolate you get these dinky little
packets that barely resemble the stuff
kids that's not what a hot chocolate is
supposed to taste like Europeans have
got this stuff down what they enjoy
something called sipping chocolate go
ahead say it with me sipping chocolate
mmm delicious and today we're going to
tackle two types the first one will be a
traditional sipping chocolate made from
an actual chocolate bar and the second
will be a decadent white chocolate
infused with cardamom and lander I have
never made this before so I have no idea
I was going to turn out but it sounds
yummy let's get to it shall we begin by
grading one ounce of bittersweet
chocolate now I am a huge fan of
Scharffen Berger seventy percent so if
you can get your hands on that knew it
and go ahead and combine 1 ounce of
whole milk with one tablespoon of
vanilla bring that to 140 degrees and
dumped in your chocolate add just a hint
of cayenne pepper if you like the
Mexican chocolate for your whipped cream
take one third cup heavy cream 1
teaspoon of vanilla extract and beat
until soft peaks form then go ahead and
combine it all together for a white hot
chocolate we're going to start with a
lavender simple syrup which is two cups
water 2 cup sugar and 2 tablespoons of
lavender bring all that to a boil cover
and let steep for 30 minutes off the
heat and then go ahead and strain it
into a container next we're going to
take 8 ounces of
whole milk 1 teaspoon of our lavender
simple syrup and one-half teaspoon of
cardamom go ahead and combine that with
two ounces of white chocolates replace
the vanilla and the whipped cream with
the lavender simple syrup and you've got
yourself white hot chocolate all right
little chefs here's the moment of truth
it's super floral because of the
lavender but the combination of the
lavender syrup and the white chocolate
making incredibly sweet there's almost a
butteriness to it and the cardamom gives
it like this spicy aromatic after case
that I just cannot quite describe do not
be afraid to experiment in the kitchen
sometimes things go perfectly wrong and
then other times you get yourself a
little taste of heaven in a cup little
chest I'll see you later on this week
and until then take care I Conan O'Brien
mind you although I wouldn't mind that
and sexy sexy sexy he is geek or
delicious mmm hey when you can't have a
man Jack little dude